let's just mention of course strictly at
the grand final tomorrow night has been
you know it's been great fabulous down
saying wonderful production values all
of that sort of scandals well probably
no more than there usually is what we've
heard about more of it what are you
trying to tell us I think they always
gravity I think we cuz there's so many
people that watch it you can't help but
bring out something I don't understand I
mean so for instance it next year next
year if they're trying to get a married
person to compete in it what tips would
you give them to not have something
unfortunate happened why don't why can't
they just understand this is dancing
nothing more nothing more than dancing I
think it's just an unusual thing for
people when they think somebody's being
tactile they're obviously coming on to
them we're actually that's our job
as dancers to be tactile and it's not
unnormal for us but people get the wrong
idea so if two dancers are together in a
studio it might not happen very close to
someone your work of your you know you
as you say you're being held by a lot
and partnered and you know maneuvered
what a sense your thing dancer yeah and
so I suppose if it's really unusual for
somebody to be in that sort of company
or be that close to somebody they take
it the wrong way would you ever do it
Jason
Ivete do dance Dancing with the Stars is
well I'm Hawaiian we invented the hula
so you know
yeah yeah you've always done my mama
raised me she's like you can't dance you
can't solve the problem
[Applause]
[Laughter]
Darcy get out there
[Applause]
[Music]